# LightFieldDisplayModel
Model of Light Field Display

## Table of Contents
+ [Requirements](#Requirements)
+ [Build instructions (for Windows)](#BuildInstructionsWin)
+ [Run instructions (for Windows)](#RunInstructionsWin)
+ [Structure of the "output" folder](#OutputFolder)
+ [License and Copyright](#LicenseAndCopyright)


## <a name="Requirements"></a> Requirements:
* CMake (CMake GUI for Windows).
* C++ compiler (tested for Visual Studio 15 2017 on Windows).


## <a name="BuildInstructionsWin"></a> Build instructions (for Windows).
1. Insider the project root folder ("LightFieldDisplayModel"), create subfolder "build".<br>
2. Open CMake.<br>
   Specify path to source as the path to the project root (e.g., "F:/Work/LightFieldDisplayModel").<br>
   Specify path to build as the path to "build" folder (e.g., "F:/Work/LightFieldDisplayModel/build").<br>
   Press "Configure". Wait till finish.<br>
   Press "Configure". Wait till finish.<br>
   Press "Generate". Wait till finish.<br>
3. Open "build/LightFieldDisplayModel.sln".<br>


## <a name="RunInstructionsWin"></a> Run instructions (for Windows).
1. Run script "Initialize.bat".<br>
   This script will create the proper folder structure in the "output" folder.<br>
2. Open "build/LightFieldDisplayModel.sln".<br>
   Build all projects.<br>
   Better do it in Release, since running in Debug is extra slow.<br>
3. Run "GenerateSampleModels" project.<br>
   It will create two json files in "data" folder. One file represents simplistic MultiView model, another - HoloVizio model.<br>
4. Run "RenderingNaive" project.<br>
   It will generate MultiView and HoloVizio images, based on generated jsons for MultiView and HoloVizio models respectively.<br>
5. Run "LightFieldProcessing" project.<br>
   It will load HoloVizio and MultiView models and input images, and generate the following sets of images:<br>
   a) interpolated MultiView images from given HoloVizio images;<br>
   b) interpolated HoloVizio images from given MultiView images;<br>
   c) simulated MultiView images, as they would be seen by user when HoloVizio display is working.<br>


## <a name="OutputFolder"></a> Structure of the "output" folder.
The "output" folder contains all images, generated by the project itself.<br>
By default the structure is the following:<br>
* "rt_holovizio" - folder for ray traced projector images in exr format.<br>
* "rt_multiview" - folder for ray traced multiview images in exr format.<br>
* "perceived" - folder for simulated multiview images, as they would be perceived by watching the working HoloVizio display.<br>
* "interp_multiview" - folder for multiview images, obtained by interpolating the projector images.<br>
* "interp_holovizio" - folder for projector images, obtained by interpolating the multiview images.<br>


## <a name="LicenseAndCopyright"></a> License and Copyright
This code is released under MIT license (MIT) (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).<br>
For more information, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.<br>
<br>
Copyright (C) 2019 by Oleksii Doronin.